Documentation review (#155)
tobybatch/kimai2: docs/runtime-args.md

# Runtime Arguments

> The following settings can set at runtime:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following settings can be set at runtime:
```

> Kimai/symfony core settings, see the symfony and Kimai docs for more info on these.

Reviewer 2: ... **S**ymfony ...

```bash
DATABASE_URL=sqlite:///%kernel.project_dir%/var/data/kimai.sqlite
APP_SECRET=change_this_to_something_unique
TRUSTED_PROXIES=nginx,localhost,127.0.0.1
TRUSTED_HOSTS=nginx,localhost,127.0.0.1
MAILER_FROM=kimai@example.com
MAILER_URL=null://localhost
```

Start up values:

> If set then these values will try and create a new admin user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If set these values will be used for creating a new admin user (if that does not exist yet).
```
